=========================
Upgrading from 1.x to 2.x
=========================

From 2.x, some features are removed because split other extensions or duplicated behaviors.
If you want to use new version by documentation using 1.x, you should upgrade project files.

Fonts
=====

|THIS| does not support font configuration features to provide features as "Presentation tools".

If you want to use Google Fonts
-------------------------------

You can add CSS URL into ``revealjs_css_files`` directly.

.. code-block:: python

   revealjs_css_files = [
       "https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Noto+Sans+JP",
       "css/custom.css",
   ]

Example of ``css/custom.css``.

.. code-block:: css

   .reveal *, .reveal h1, .reveal h2, .reveal h3, .reveal h4, .reveal h5, .reveal h6 {
       font-family: 'Noto Sans JP', sans-serif;
   }

Use googlefonts-markup
----------------------

If you want to write only font-family, use `googlefonts-markup <https://pypi.org/project/googlefonts-markup/>`_.

.. code-block:: python

   from googlefonts_markup import Font

   revealjs_css_files = [
       Font(family_name="Noto Sans JP").css_url(),
       "css/custom.css",
   ]

Change using Google Fonts per presentations
-------------------------------------------

You need to create custom theme per presentations.

.. code-block:: python

   # Define default theme
   revealjs_style_theme = "black"

.. code-block:: rst

   =====
   Title
   =====

   .. Set `revealjs-slide/theme` to override theme

   .. revealjs-slide::
      :theme: "css/theme-for-this-presentation.css"

Speaker Views
=============

New configration :confval:`revealjs_notes_from_comments` are defined.
But, because default values is ``False``, your presentation not write speaker-note when you upgrade |THIS|

Replace reveajs-notes(recommended)
----------------------------------

You can replace :rst:dir:`revealjs-notes` from comment-block.
And you can use comment-block as COMMENT(does not write as content from source).

Before:

.. code-block:: rst

   .. This is 1.x style speaker-view content

After:

.. code-block:: rst

   .. revealjs-notes::

      This is 1.x style speaker-view content

Configuration for compatible behaviors
--------------------------------------

You can set ``True`` :confval:`revealjs_notes_from_comments` to use behaviors of ver 1.x.

.. code-block:: python

   revealjs_notes_from_comments = Ture

Configurations
==============

html_js_files/revealjs_js_files
-------------------------------

|THIS| does not ref ``html_js_files`` as list of additional JavaScript files.
It refer only ``revealjs_js_files``.

You must do one of these.

* Copy needy values of ``html_js_files`` to ``revealjs_js_files``
* Sync ``html_js_files`` to ``revealjs_js_files`` (ex: ``revealjs_js_files = html_js_files``)

revealjs_use_index
------------------

|THIS| does not generate ``genindex.html`` (list of in vals) on default.
If you want ``genindex.html`` for Reveal.js builder, you muse set ``True``.

Directives
==========

|THIS| defines kebab-cased directives only, and removed snake-case style directives.
You must replace cases to run by 2.x.

+------------------------+------------------------+
| Before                 | After                  |
+========================+========================+
| ``revealjs_break``     | ``revealjs-break``     |
+------------------------+------------------------+
| ``revealjs_fragments`` | ``revealjs-fragments`` |
+------------------------+------------------------+
| ``revealjs_section``   | ``revealjs-section``   |
+------------------------+------------------------+
| ``revealjs_slide``     | ``revealjs-slide``     |
+------------------------+------------------------+
